# Hercynia, fall 5014U
The Arc Hounds face defeat for the first time against the overwhelming force of the machine horde. However, with cunning and luck, they are able to rescue the members of CRT Contingency White and deal at serious blow against a target asset of the machine horde. With only one thing left to do before the main attack.

After rescuing CRT Contingency White, the Arc hounds are directed to Contingency White's subline corvette with the intention of traveling with the team to the SecCom orbital platform Cassander housing the kinetic kill-rod system used by **Beggar one** to reduce **Daylight** to ashes and dust. When arriving to the corvette, the Arc Hounds are met with a small group of the remaining grey town refugees that had taken up shelter in the corvette before it we. Tiana directed the group out, with encouraging words of their future success. Both teams proceded to prepare for Operations.

During preperation for operation "Sins Of The Father," the members of UNSOP Arc Hounds experiance a series of drastic personal events. Both have privite communications with unclear individuals that perturb both members, possibly effecting future mission performance. Following soon after, three [redacted] craft enter Hercynian atmosphere, making rapid course corrections toward corvette. Being unable to take appropriate precaution, these crafts land at the location of the corvette and the ocupatants depart, prepared for combat. The validity of the following event should be regarded as tenious at best, the regent heir of House Oberon makes an apperance in the flesh, making known that unit "Titania" is under her protection. The communication between the two has been removed from this record. 

GALSIM REVIEW: Due to unusual deployment of [redacted] personal and a high ranking barony royal, in addition to previous knowledge of Crisis operations and paracausal happenings among Arc Hound members, it is recommended to review Arc Hounds and deploy additonal UNSOP Units to monitor situation.

# Hercynian orbit, fall 5014U

Liftoff and entry of Hercynian orbit is successful 

After succesfully scuttling the Cassander, the Arc Hounds may make their final assault on the Governor's Farm to halt Beggar One's and halt the occupation. CRT Eddie Wu offers his assistance for the final assaultwith his frame, "Blue Blood."